---
title: '37th IEEE Computer Security Foundations Symposium (CSF), July 8-12, 2024 - Enschede, The Netherlands'
date: 2024-02-03
permalink: /posts/2024/02/blog-post-4/
tags:
  - IEEE CSF
  - Security
  - Privacy
---

It's my great pleasure to work with Toby Murray  (Uni. Melbourne), Tamara Rezk (INRIA) and Luca Mariot (Uni. Twente) to organize IEEE CSF 2024 and welcome submission. 

[IEEE CSF](https://csf2024.ieee-security.org/) 2024 will be hosted at the University of Twente in Enschede, The Netherlands, from the 8th to the 12th of July 2024. The symposium will be jointly organized by the Semantics, Cybersecurity and Services group of the University of Twente, the Cybersecurity group of the TU Delft, and the Twente University Centre for Cybersecurity Research (TUCCR).

The Symposium is an annual conference for researchers in computer security, to examine current theories of security, the formal models that provide a context for those theories, and techniques for verifying security. It was created in 1988 as a workshop of the IEEE Computer Society's Technical Committee on Security and Privacy, in response to a 1986 essay by Don Good entitled “The Foundations of Computer Security—We Need Some.” The meeting became a “symposium” in 2007, along with a policy for open, increased attendance. Over the past two decades, many seminal papers and techniques have been presented first at CSF. For more details on the history of the symposium, visit CSF's home.The program includes papers, panels, and a poster session. 

Topics of interest include access control, information flow, covert channels, cryptographic protocols, database security, language-based security, authorization and trust, verification techniques, integrity and availability models, and broad discussions concerning the role of formal methods in computer security and the nature of foundational research in this area.
